# Technology behind the capsule

## (UPDATE) Moved to Raspberry Pi
I'm in the process of moving the capsule to the ARM machine. End goal is to use the 2011.12 version, the original Pi!
At the moment I'm testing the setup on the trusty Pi 4.

* agate server (64bit)
* FDD over USB

More info soon.

## x86 Setup

I'm using Agate server on my trusty IBM rack. I configured it so the content is pointing to a mounted external floppy disk drive.

## Server
IBM SystemX x3570 M3 with Dual Intel Xeon E5645 (12) @ 1.600GHz, 32GB memory and NVIDIA Quadro K620.
=> http://194.126.207.20/ Homepage of the IBM server

### Docker Container
I'm using Docker for all my services so gemini was not an exception. I just followed the simple manual on the agate github page.

=> https://github.com/mbrubeck/agate/tree/master/tools/docker Instructions

In the end I'm starting the container using those commands:
```
docker run -t -d \
  --name gemini-floppy \
  -p 1965:1965 \
  -v /media/user/disk:/gmi \
  -e HOSTNAME=floppy.p1x.in \
  -e LANG=en-US \
  --log-driver local \
  --restart always \
  agate:latest
```
=> https://github.com/mbrubeck/agate Agate gemini server

### HTTP Proxy
For regular users I also host a dedicated gemini-to-HTTP proxy. Im using the September tool also in docker.

```
docker run -d \
--name gemini-rss \
-e ROOT='gemini://floppy.p1x.in' \
--restart always \
--net proxy-manager_default \
fuwn/september:latest
```
=> https://github.com/gemrest/september September HTTP proxy
=> https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/Core/Overview CSS themes (I choosed Midnight)

## Content
### Directory on floppy disk
I keep the hierarchy clean and consistent.
```Directory hierarchy
-/disk/
  |- capsule_name/
  |  +- article/
  |  |  |- article1.gmi
  |  |  |- ...
  |  |  +- articleN.gmi
  |  +- index.gmi
  +- index.gmi
```

Articles ends up with:
```
=> ../ Back to index
```
This way I have an clear and easy way to go back using links.

### Updating
As all the files are plain text I just keep the directory in my personal notes.
Whenever I want to edit or add some page I just go to that folder and edit in text editor of my choise. At this moment it's Lite XL.
=> https://github.com/lite-xl/lite-xl Lite XL

Then when I done with drafts and want to publish my changes I use FileZilla. I added dedicated profile that opens coresponding folder on my local machine and the server (Floppy disk!). Then I upload using "change only new files". And that is it.

### RSS Feed
For generating fresh feed I'm using Fesh tool. After installing it on the server I just run the script to regenerate atom.xml.

```
#!/bin/bash
fesh -d floppy.p1x.in -c 'Floppy Capsule' -r /media/user/fdd -o /media/user/fdd
```

=> https://github.com/ricardogj08/fesh


=> ../ ✨ Back to index
