``` Data Disk Logo
â•­â”¬â”¬â”€â”€â–¼â”€â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”€â”¬â–¼â”¬â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”¬â•®
:â•°â”¼â–¶â”„â—‡ â”‚.......... __________________ .... â•°â—‡â”¼â—€â”„â”„â”„â—€â•¯:
â”œâ”€â”´â”€â”€â–²â”€â•¯......... /_/  DATA DISK  /_/; ..... â•°â•±P1Xâ•±â”€â”¤
â”‚ ...â”‚ ......... / ' P1X CAPSULE ' // ............. â”‚
â”‚ ...â”‚ ........ / '-------------' // .............. â”‚
â”‚ â•­â”€â”€â•¯ ....... /   .--------.    // ............... â”‚
â”‚â”€â–¼â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€/   /         /   // â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”‚
â”‚ P1X        .___/_________/___//        1440KiB â—‡â”„â”„â”¤
â”‚ Digital    '===\_________\==='        3.5" â—‡â”„â”„â”„â”„â”„â”„â”¤
â”‚ Garden                                            â”‚
â”œâ”„â”„â”„â”„â”„â”„â”„â”„â—‡ Est. 3rd of November 2022.               :
â””â”€â”€â”€â”€â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”€â”€â”€â”€â”˜
```
# Floppy Capsule

## Disk usage (size on disk)
``` 440 of 1440 KiB
â•­â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”¤ Storage in KiB  â”œâ”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â•® â•­â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â•®
â”‚   440â–â–“â–“â–“â”‚â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–Œ1440  â”œâ”€â”¤ 72 FILES â”‚
â•°â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â–²â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â•¯ â•°â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â•¯
```

## Flash News
> Capsule was moved to the Raspberry Pi computer! (still using Floppy as a data endpoint)

## Table of Content
Dive into dedicated capsules for respective topics.

### Hot stuff you should read first
=> micro/article/esp8266-gemini-server.gmi Put gemini server on a ESP8266 microcontroller
=> floppinux/article/floppinux-on-a-floppy.gmi Create your own 1.44MB Linux distribution
=> /cooking/recipe/rice-bread.gmi Rice pancakes ðŸšðŸ¥ž as bread replacement ðŸž

### All Forms of Computers
=> floppinux/ ðŸ§ FLOPPINUX Operating System
=> dos/ My Love for MS-DOS
=> micro/ ðŸ–³ Software on microcontrollers
=> selfhost/ Living with IBM ServerX

### Not Computers
=> text-adventure/ Text adventure written by ChatGPT
=> fpv/ ðŸš FPV racing drones
=> cooking/ ðŸ³ Plant-based cooking corner
=> misc/ âœ¨ Miscellaneous content

## Hello, Gemini World!
My name is __Krzysztof Krystian Jankowski__ also known as __w84death__.
An old hacker you may say. Indie game developer. Now a producer in realtime graphics.

This is the official P1X capsule curated by me. I'm hosting it from a real 3.5" floppy disk read by original Raspberry Pi single board computer.
=> kkj.gmi More about the author
=> selfhost/article/tech.gmi Technology behind this capsule

## Contact
You can contact me by email:
* ðŸ“§ kj@p1x.in

I'm also at Twitter and Mastodon:
* @w84death
* @w84death@fosstodon.org

## Support
=> https://liberapay.com/w84death/

```Footer
G â–“â–“â–“â–“  â–“ â–“ â–“ â•®
E â–“  â–“ â–“â–“ â–“ â–“ â”‚ CC0 P1X
M â–“  â–“  â–“  â–“  â”‚ Proudly curated by
I â–“â–“â–“â–“  â–“ â–“ â–“ â”‚ Krzysztof Krystian Jankowski â™ž
N â–“     â–“ â–“ â–“ â”‚ â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”€â”„
I â–“     â–“ â–“ â–“ â”‚ Powered by Raspberry Pi & Agate Server
â•°â”€â”€â”„CAPSULEâ”„â”€â”€â•¯
```
