# ðŸš FPV Racing Drones
Capsule dedicated to flying micro drones

## FPV TinyHawk Pilot
Each day with a grounded drone is a lost opportunity to be a better pilot.

## Backstory
I started with DJI Tello but it was more of a flying camera. Then I got TinyHawk RTF combo and started FPV flying. Since then I'm addicted and the concept took me by storm. I just love to fly. I'm a big fan of TinyHawk... drones.

Flying FPV in Acro mode is not an easy task. But learning to master it is very satisfying. I created this page to document my progress. I hope it will make you interested in the hobby and keep motivated to keep learning.

## My Gear
I started with just a Emax TinyHawk RTF combo with 1 battery :) And I still recommend this as a best starting point.
Over time I upgraded my gear to this setup. It fits perfectly to my flying style.

### EMAX TinyHawk II Race
Best quad for it's size! Changed to XT30 connector. New VTX antenna. Applied conformal coating.
Gift from Joshua Bardwell :)

### Jumper T12 Pro Hall
Super nice, wrapped in carbon fiber, extremely precise and smooth hall gimbals.
OpenTX firmware and can be used in simulators on a PC.
Gift from my Mom :)

### Skyzone SKY02C
Superb quality goggles. Big, clear screens. Good reception and DVR. Very comfortable. Fit perfectly for my European face.
Got it from Sanata :)

### MenaceRC Omni
This antenna significantly improves link quality.

### VeeRace FPV 5.8GHz
Poland antenna for small drones. Very durable.

### Power
* SkyRC e3 AC balance charger (1s-3s)
* Tattu 450mAh 7.4V 75C 2S1P
* R-Line Tattu 550mAh 7.4V 95C 2S1P
* Tattu 650mAh 7.4V 75C 2S1P

## NOB Can Fly
I'm buying my hardware from NOB Can Fly since I started this journey. One of the best shops in Poland.
=> https://www.nobshop.pl/pp-sklep-dadscj.html Support me by using this affiliate link.
Whatever you buy from them I got a little commision.

## Micro blog
My thoughts of micro, racing, whoop drones. Some tips&tricks. Stuff I never think of before starting the hobby. Anything I discovered and want to share.

### Articles
=> article/pocket-guide.gmi POCKET GUIDE TO FPV DRONES
=> article/skills-you-learn.gmi SKILLS YOU LEARN FROM FPV

### Tips
=> article/begginer-tips-1.gmi => BEGINNER TIPS #1
=> article/begginer-tips-2.gmi => BEGINNER TIPS #2

### Hardware
=> WHY MICRO DRONES?
=> article/skyzone-sky02c.gmi SANTA GOT ME A SKYZONE SKY02C GOGGLES
=> article/tinyhawk-2-race.gmi TINYHAWK II RACE FIRST DAY IMPRESSIONS


=> ../floppy.gmi Back to homepage
