# Cyfrowy Nomada

* Seven years as a Front-End Developer at Pearson UK.
* Eight years and counting as Indie Game Developer, founder of P1X Studio.
* Now as a Digital Nomad serving my skills and experience for businesses around the world like yours.

## Experience
Worked in small creative teams and big corporate environments. Under time pressures and open-minded brainstorming sessions.

### Creative
Forward thinking, creative solutions for your existing and future projects. Lead design teams. Trained in Event Storming.

### UX/UI & Accessibility
Worked on education software. From iOS app to on-line teaching platform used by 10 million kids and teachers.
Adapt software and designs for WCAG accessibility requirements.

### Public appearances
Prepares and presents demos at scrum ceremonies. Represents business at expos. Lectures at big events.

### Game Development
Use Godot Engine as the main engine since 2015. Used to made many games on it and a few lectures about it.
Now Unity and mostly Unreal Engine 5 for professional work.

### Social Media
Have a strong twitter community with 1,5K Followers. 4K tweets. Gets up to 80K impressions each month (as of Feb 2020).
Moved to the Mastodon rescently. 700 Followers, 2K toots.

### Agile
Over 7 years of work in professional scrum teams with more than 120 co-workers. Always friendly and helpful.
Team leading the P1X game development group. Worked on tide schedules at many game-jams.

### Git
Know, use and advocate GIT usage on all important projects. Have 70+ repositories, 17 stars and 100+ flowers on GitHub.

### JavaScript/HTML5
10+ years of experience in vanilla JS, AngularJS, ImpactJS, JQuery and some more — now obsolete libs. Don’t afraid of working with legacy code.
A strong advocate for simple, well-formatted web pages.

### Linux & FOSS
More than 7 years of experience with Linux on PCs, servers and Raspberry Pi. An advocate of free and open-source.


## Hardware & Software
Self sustains with all the necessary equipment to work on any IT projects remotely.

### Computers
* SteamDeck 256GB SSD, Custom APU, 16GB RAM.
* Notebook Dell G5 with Intel i7-9750H (12) @ 4.5GHz, 32GB memory and NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2070 MaxQ.
* PC with Intel i3-7100 (4) @3.9Ghz, 16GB memory and NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2060.

### I/O
Wacom Cintiq 16, Eizo 24”, NEC 40”, MIDI Korg keyboard, Tascam Audio Recorder.

### Servers
* IBM SystemX x3570 with Dual Intel Xeon E5645 (12) @ 1.600GHz, 32GB memory and dual NVIDIA Quadro K620.
* IBM SystemX x3250 as personal NAS.

### Internet
Public IP symmetrical 500Mbps network with Linksys WRT1200AC.

### 3D Printer
Anycubic 4Max Pro with PLA and wood filaments.

## Business
Open for any short-term work. Web pages, game prototyping, accessibility fixes for existing sites, etc.

### Business card

* Full company name:	Cyfrowy Nomada Krzysztof Jankowski
* E-Mail: nomada@krzysztofjankowski.com
* NIP: 7822277719
* Phone: +48501135709
* REGON: 385540057

=> https://prod.ceidg.gov.pl/ceidg/ceidg.public.ui/SearchDetails.aspx?Id=6f8936d9-a5aa-46a5-8186-02303dbd44e7 Full details at prod.ceidg.gov.pl

=> ../ ✨ Back to index
